# 2019-01-02 uPortal Steering Committee Meeting Summary

## Attendees
Jim Helwig, Christian Murphy, Christian Cousquer, Drew Wills, Laura McCord

## uPortal Winter Summit preparation
Julien and ChristianC continue to plan the French event while Drew and Laura are leading planning for the Arizona event. Promotions for each event should mention the other event. The two events will overlap each day, offering an opportunity for joint discussions. See the [French summit program](https://oae.esup-portail.org/content/OAE-Esup/SykJNNEJ4) or the [Arizona summit document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16wQZGxFZrckjpOodI3C7j4DWllZM7CkYcJtMwygz_hI/edit#) for more information.

We will look at ways to facilitate collaboration and discussion around the uPortal roadmap before and during the summit. After the summit we will post a summary of the roadmap that is easily accessible from the uPortal documentation.

## uPortal Steering Committee priorities for 2019
The uPSC faciliates work beyond the uPortal codebase itself. This year the committee intends to focus on improving communication. Specific areas include:
* Improving the web presence on the [uPortal website](https://www.apereo.org/projects/uportal)
* Creating high level materials that will help decision makers understand the value of both adopting uPortal and participating in the community
* Moving remaining valuable content from the uPortal wiki to GitHub pages and archive the rest

We will also work to build the [uPortal Supporting Subscription program](https://www.apereo.org/projects/uportal/uportal-supporting-subscription-model) and identify the best use for its funds.
