# 2019-02-06 uPortal Steering Committee Meeting Summary

## Attendees
Steven Ragusa, Jim Helwig, Christian Murphy, Christian Cousquer, Cheryl Palafox-Stewart, Julien Gribonvald

## uPortal Winter Summit reflections
A couple dozen people attended the events either in Arizona or Paris. Topics discussed at the events included removing xsl templating, naming conventions, front end development, web components, cloud hosting, implementation, contributing, and ideas for the roadmap. There were a couple joint sessions.

## Open Apereo preparation
There are over 8 uPortal-related presentations submitted. We will also have roundtable discussions. Proposals will be reviewed soon. 

## Updates on uPortal Steering Committee priorities for 2019
* Materials encouraging engagement  
The uPortal Winter Summit in Paris had a session on how easy it is to contribute.
* Improved web presence  
* Migrate usable content from wiki to Github  
* Improve internationalization of documentation  
ChristianC is modeling this for the card web component [in english](https://uportal-contrib.github.io/CardWebComponents/), [in french](https://uportal-contrib.github.io/CardWebComponents/index_fr), and [so on](https://github.com/uPortal-contrib/CardWebComponents#supported-languages).
* Clarify maven release process  
* Clarify uPortal Supporting Subscription program  
* Establish a uPortal demo site  
