# 2021-08-11 uPortal Steering Committee Meeting Summary

## Attendees

Jim Helwig, Jonathan Tran, Aaron Goodfellow, Benito Gonzalez, Toben Archer

## Topics

*   The roadmap has been posted at [https://uportal-project.github.io/roadmap.html](https://uportal-project.github.io/roadmap.html)
*   Documentation strategy: The steering committee discussed a documentation strategy to bring documentation together in one place. Documentation on the strategy and process will be published soon.
*   uPortal release strategy: There was discussion on the mailing list thread ([Poll/Discussion: frequency of uPortal releases](https://groups.google.com/a/apereo.org/g/uportal-user/c/7pc6VJOwpXk)). The strategy will be documented and emailed for comments and a vote
*   The uPSC discussed release management with respect to web components
