# 2019-03-06 uPortal Steering Committee Meeting Summary

## Attendees
Christian Cousquer, Drew Wills, Lauren Anderson, Jim Helwig, Julien Gribonvald

## Updates
* We discussed the future of support for old IE versions. This needs to be discussed on list.
* Drew mentioned integrating lucene search indexing portal content.
* ChristianC demoed internationalization and accessibility of web components. We could use more comments from an accessibility point of view on pull requests.
* BYU is working on adding a Rest API for portlet preferences.

## uPortal Winter Summits
We discussed reporting out to the lists a summary of the summits.

## Updates on uPortal Steering Committee priorities for 2019
* Materials encouraging engagement  
* Improved web presence  
* Migrate usable content from wiki to Github  
* Improve internationalization of documentation  
We discussed concerns that some nternational participants may feel isolated.
* Clarify maven release process  
* Clarify uPortal Supporting Subscription program  
* Establish a uPortal demo site  
